Document installation parameters for SFR Box (#42053)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/sfr_box.markdown

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Host:
  description: "The hostname, IP address, or full URL of your SFR device."
Username (optional):

>   description: "The username for accessing your SFR box's web interface, the default is 'admin'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The username for accessing your SFR box's web interface. The default is 'admin'."
```

Password (optional):

>   description: "The password for accessing your SFR box's web interface, the default is the WiFi security key found on the device label"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "The password for accessing your SFR box's web interface. The default is the Wi-Fi security key found on the device label."
```
